After more than 15 years away from the theatre, Sorkin found himself easing his way back into playwrighting in 2005 when he took to revising his play ''A Few Good Men'' for a revival at the London West End theatre, the Haymarket. It had been a while since he had originally written the play and so he gave it a polish. The play opened at the Theatre Royal Haymarket in the fall of the same year and was directed by David Esbjornson, with Rob Lowe of ''The West Wing'' in the lead role.  Yet Sorkin had begun thinking about writing a fresh new play back in 2003 when he was contacted by Jocelyn Clarke, the commissions manager of the Abbey Theatre in Dublin, requesting he write a play for them, a commission which he accepted. In time Sorkin decided to tackle his commission by rewriting "The Farnsworth Invention" as a play. He delivered a first draft of the play to the Abbey Theatre in early 2005, and a production was purportedly planned for 2007 with La Jolla Playhouse in California deciding to stage a workshop production of the play in collaboration with the Abbey Theatre. But in 2006 the Abbey Theatre's new management pulled out of all involvement with ''The Farnsworth Invention''. Despite the setback, La Jolla Playhouse pushed on, with Steven Spielberg lending his talents as producer. The production opened under La Jolla's signature Page To Stage program which allowed Sorkin and director Des McAnuff to develop the play from show to show according to audience reactions and feedback; the play ran at La Jolla Playhouse from February 20, 2007 through March 25, 2007. A production followed on Broadway, beginning in previews at the Music Box Theatre and scheduled to open on November 14, 2007; however, the play was delayed by the 2007 Broadway stagehand strike. ''The Farnsworth Invention'' eventually opened at the Music Box Theatre on December 3, 2007 following the end of the strike; it closed on March 2, 2008.  Sorkin has continued in his renewed capacity as a playwright, attaching himself to several projects. In March 2007, it was reported that Sorkin had signed on to write a musical adaptation of the hit 2002 record ''Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots'' by psychedelic-rock band The Flaming Lips, collaborating with director Des McAnuff who has been developing the project. In August 2008 Des McAnuff announced that Sorkin had been commissioned by the Stratford Shakespeare Festival  to write an adaptation of Chekhov's The Cherry Orchard.